c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.exe.config
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.exe
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.pdb
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v15.1.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.xml
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.xml
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.xml
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.xml
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\obj\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\obj\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\obj\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\obj\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.exe.licenses
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\obj\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.exe
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\obj\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.pdb
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\obj\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.GUILayer.FormStart.resources
c:\users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\obj\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.GUILayer.FormMain.resources
C:\Users\vuduy_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin\obj\Debug\WindowsForms_MoPhongKhoanNoMin.GUILayer.FormXayDungLoKhoan1.resources
